The Barclays app
How to change your personal details
Changing your personal details couldn't
be easier with the Barclays app.
Log in and from the home screen,
tap the profile icon.
Choose what you need to update.
To update your home address tap on ‘Home address’.
Read the information about fraud and scams
and if you’re happy, tap ‘Next’.
Enter your postcode and tap ‘Search’.
Select your new address from the drop-down list.
If you’re happy with the details, tap ‘Next’.
Enter the date you moved into the property.
Please note you should only change
your address once you have moved.
Review the details and if you’re happy, tap ‘Confirm’.
You’ve now updated your address for all your accounts.
You can also update your employment information,
email addresses and phone numbers
and when prompted, tap ‘Save’.
And that’s it,
changing your personal details
made easy with the Barclays app.